Documentation: Add More Knapsack Information to Docs (#8419)
thepracticaldev/dev.to: docs/deployment.md

currently takes about 20 minutes to complete and will need a few additional
minutes before the change goes live.

## Travis Stages

The following stages can be explored in our
[.travis.yml](https://github.com/thepracticaldev/dev.to/blob/master/.travis.yml)
and [Procfile](https://github.com/thepracticaldev/dev.to/blob/master/Procfile).
Our Travis CI process consists of 2 stages.

1. Running our test suite in 3 parallel jobs.
2. Deploying the application if we have merged with the master branch and the
   `[deploy]` flag is present in the merge commit.

### Stage 1: Running Tests

In stage 1 we use [KnapsackPro](https://knapsackpro.com/) to divide our Rspec
tests evenly between 3 different jobs(virtual machines). This ensures that each
job takes relatively the same amount of time to run. After running our Rspec
tests, we then run a series of other checks. These additional checks are split
up between the different jobs. Here is a list of those additional checks that
are run.

> - Javascript and Preact tests and coverage checks are run in job 0
> - `bundle-audit` checks for any known vulnerabilities in job 1
> - Travis builds Storybook to ensure its integrity in job 1
> - Travis fires up a Rails console to ensure the application loads properly in
>   job 2
> - Any specs that have issues with KnapsackPro are run in job 2

Reviewer: Not a blocker, but it might be nice to reorder this so that its grouped by job; I think it might be easier to read:
```suggestion
- Job 0 is where we run Javascript tests, Preact tests, and coverage checks.
- Job 1 is where Travis builds Storybook to ensure its integrity, and where we check for any known vulnerabilities using `bundle-audit`.
- Job 2 is where Travis fires up a Rails console to ensure the application loads properly, and where specs with KnapsackPro are run.
```

> If all of the jobs pass then we move on to Stage 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If all of the jobs pass then we move on to Stage 2 of the Travis CI process.
```

### Stage 2: Deploying

If the build was kicked off from a pull request being created or updated this

> stage will do nothing. If the branch has been merged with master, then this
> stage will kick off a deploy. The deploy will run in its own job deploying our
> application to Heroku.

Reviewer 2: Probably want to mention the deploy flag here
```suggestion 
stage will do nothing. If the branch has been merged into master with the
`[deploy]` flag, then this stage will kick off a deploy. The deploy will run in
its own job deploying our application to Heroku.
```

Prior to deploying the code, Heroku will run database migrations, Elasticsearch

> updates, and do some final checks(more information below) to make sure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
updates, and do some final checks (more information on that below) to make sure
```
